README.md, before:

pyiron_module
=============

This repository is a template for new pyiron modules similar to the existing modules of the 
pyiron framework, e.g. 
[pyiron_base](https://github.com/pyiron/pyiron_base),
[pyiron_atomistics](https://github.com/pyiron/pyiron_atomistics),
and 
[pyiron_contrib](https://github.com/pyiron/pyiron_contrib).

Within this repository, the new module is called `pyiron_module` which should be renamed to `pyiron_IntendedModuleName`. 
This can be easily achieved by modifying and running the update_module_name.sh script. 

We usually collect all files relevant for the continuous integration (CI) pipelines in `.ci_support`, 
while the actual CI workflows are handled by GitHub and stored in `.github`.

If the licence is free to choose, we use the BSD3 licence packed here.

If possible include a binder button on the README page to allow for fast testing of the new module. 
This repository has an example `binder` directory for which at least the `environment.yml` needs to be changed.

To get the CI for the new pyiron_module set up, you need to ask someone of the pyiron core team (with pyiron runner rights)
to set up tokens for dependabot, PyPI, and codacy. 
Furthermore, the pyiron_module should be made available via conda; see 
[conda-forge/staged-recipes](https://github.com/conda-forge/staged-recipes) for how to publish it there.

Commit message:

Update secrets info
And test if pushing works ok after all the branch renaming!

README.md, after:

pyiron_module
=============

This repository is a template for new pyiron modules similar to the existing modules of the 
pyiron framework, e.g. 
[pyiron_base](https://github.com/pyiron/pyiron_base),
[pyiron_atomistics](https://github.com/pyiron/pyiron_atomistics),
and 
[pyiron_contrib](https://github.com/pyiron/pyiron_contrib).

Within this repository, the new module is called `pyiron_module` which should be renamed to `pyiron_IntendedModuleName`. 
This can be easily achieved by modifying and running the update_module_name.sh script. 

We usually collect all files relevant for the continuous integration (CI) pipelines in `.ci_support`, 
while the actual CI workflows are handled by GitHub and stored in `.github`.
If you are cloning this template *inside* the pyiron GitHub organization, the full CI should work out-of-the-box.
Otherwise, you will either need to modify the CI workflow files, or your repository will need the following secrets:
- `DEPENDABOT_WORKFLOW_TOKEN` (GitHub token for an account that has permissions to your repository -- needs to differ from the default `github_token` already available though! In pyiron we have a special [@pyiron_runner account](https://github.com/pyiron-runner) for this purpose.)
- `PYPI_PASSWORD` (Token generated on PyPi to give access to your account there)
- `CODACY_PROJECT_TOKEN` (Token generated on Codacy to give access to your account there)

If the licence is free to choose, we use the BSD3 licence packed here.

If possible include a binder button on the README page to allow for fast testing of the new module. 
This repository has an example `binder` directory for which at least the `environment.yml` needs to be changed.

To get the CI for the new pyiron_module set up, you need to ask someone of the pyiron core team (with pyiron runner rights)
to set up tokens for dependabot, PyPI, and codacy. 
Furthermore, the pyiron_module should be made available via conda; see 
[conda-forge/staged-recipes](https://github.com/conda-forge/staged-recipes) for how to publish it there.
